Fixed #35095 -- Formatted the documentation for fixing the monetary values of Swiss (German) (#18596)
django/django: docs/topics/i18n/formatting.txt

--------------------

The Swiss number formatting depends on the type of number that is being

> formatted. For monetary values, an apostrophe as a thousands separator along with a dot as the decimal separator. For all other numbers, a comma is

Reviewer: We wrap documentation lines after 79 chars.

Author: Ok, Pushing the changes.

Author: Ready for review now @jacobtylerwalls

--------------------

The Swiss number formatting depends on the type of number that is being

> formatted. For monetary values, an apostrophe as a thousands separator
> along with a dot as the decimal separator. For all other numbers, a comma is
> used as decimal separator and a space as thousand separator. The locale
> format provided by Django uses the generic separators, a comma for decimal and
> a space for thousand separators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
formatted. For instance, the decimal separator for monetary values can be a dot,
as in "Fr. 23.50". However, there are exceptions, such as "22,5 Rp". The locale
format provided by Django follows the generic rules, using a comma as the
decimal separator and a space as the thousand separator.
```
